feat: add support for traffic router plugins (#2573)
argoproj/argo-rollouts: docs/features/traffic-management/plugins.md

[go-plugin](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-plugin) to do this. You can find a sample plugin
here: [sample-rollouts-trafficrouter-plugin](https://github.com/argoproj-labs/sample-rollouts-trafficrouter-plugin)

## Using a Traffic Router Plugin

There are two methods of installing and using an argo rollouts plugin. The first method is to mount up the plugin executable
into the rollouts controller container. The second method is to use a HTTP(S) server to host the plugin executable.

### Mounting the plugin executable into the rollouts controller container

There are a few ways to mount the plugin executable into the rollouts controller container. Some of these will depend on your
particular infrastructure. Here are a few methods:

* Using an init container to download the plugin executable
* Using a Kubernetes volume mount with a shared volume such as NFS, EBS, etc.
* Building the plugin into the rollouts controller container

Then you can use the configmap to point to the plugin executable file location. Example:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: argo-rollouts-config
data:
  plugins: |-

>     trafficrouters:
>     - plugin: "argoproj-labs/sample-rollouts-trafficrouter-plugin" # name of the plugin, it must match the name required by the plugin so it can find it's configuration
>       pluginLocation: "file://./my-custom-plugin" # supports http(s):// urls and file://

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    trafficrouters:
    - name: "argoproj-labs/sample-rollouts-trafficrouter-plugin" # name of the plugin, it must match the name required by the plugin so it can find it's configuration
      location: "file://./my-custom-plugin" # supports http(s):// urls and file://
```

I think `plugin` is implicit.

```

### Using a HTTP(S) server to host the plugin executable

Argo Rollouts supports downloading the plugin executable from a HTTP(S) server. To use this method, you will need to
configure the controller via the `argo-rollouts-config` configmap and set `pluginLocation` to a http(s) url. Example:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: argo-rollouts-config
data:
  plugins: |-

>     trafficrouters:
>     - plugin: "argoproj-labs/sample-rollouts-trafficrouter-plugin" # name of the plugin, it must match the name required by the plugin so it can find it's configuration
>       pluginLocation: "https://github.com/argoproj-labs/sample-rollouts-trafficrouter-plugin/releases/download/v0.0.3/metric-plugin-linux-amd64" # supports http(s):// urls and file://
>       pluginSha256: "08f588b1c799a37bbe8d0fc74cc1b1492dd70b2c" #optional sha256 checksum of the plugin executable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    trafficrouters:
    - name: "argoproj-labs/sample-rollouts-trafficrouter-plugin" # name of the plugin, it must match the name required by the plugin so it can find it's configuration
      location: "https://github.com/argoproj-labs/sample-rollouts-trafficrouter-plugin/releases/download/v0.0.3/metric-plugin-linux-amd64" # supports http(s):// urls and file://
      sha256: "08f588b1c799a37bbe8d0fc74cc1b1492dd70b2c" #optional sha256 checksum of the plugin executable
```

```

## Some words of caution

Depending on which method you use to install and the plugin, there are some things to be aware of.

> The rollouts controller will not start if it can not download or find the plugin executable. This means that if you are using

Reviewer 2: > The rollouts controller will not start if it can not download or find the plugin executable

Do you think this is really necessary? Rollouts could be partially operational even if a configured plugin is not available. I would prefer if the controller could handle this gracefully.

Author: I am a bit mixed on this I personally think I like it being loud on plugin download failures, I think a lot of people will not properly monitor and or have things in place to watch for failed rollouts that do not execute due to missing plugins which I feel could be a semi common occurrence depending on how/where they are getting the plugins from. I think generally pods restarts and pods not starting up are a more immediate gain. I also like that in the case where I do an argo rollouts upgrade for some reason and I am in HA mode that the old controller will stay running and not bring down the whole system. Thoughts?

Author: You could also look at it the other way and if a company has 99% of traffic routers on plugins and 1% not being loud due to lack of monitoring I feel would be appreciated.

a method of installation that requires a download of the plugin and the server hosting the plugin for some reason is not available and the rollouts
controllers pod got deleted while the server was down or is coming up for the first time, it will not be able to start until
the server hosting the plugin is available again.

Argo Rollouts will download the plugin at startup only once but if the pod is deleted it will need to download the plugin again on next startup. Running
Argo Rollouts in HA mode can help a little with this situation because each pod will download the plugin at startup. So if a single pod gets
deleted during a server outage, the other pods will still be able to take over because there will already be a plugin executable available to it. However,

> it is up to you to define your risk for and decide how you want to install the plugin executable.

Reviewer 2: > " However, it is up to you to define your risk for and decide how you want to install the plugin executable."

I think it is better to rephrase this sentence. Suggestion:

"It is responsibility of the Argo Rollouts administrator to define the plugin installation method considering the risks of each approach."
